In this lecture they are going to talk about the different types of natural networks.
So there are lots of lots of types of natural networks and there are several types of learning such
as supervised learning and unsupervised learning as far as supervised learning is concerned.
There is a given dataset on which we are going to train our own network.
For example we have the x or logical relation.
And that's why we have two features X and Y.
And we have the labels basically the x or the values accordingly 0 0 and the label is 0 0 1.
The label is 1.
So for supervised learning we have a data set like this and we are going to train our natural network
on a given dataset.
So at the end of the training procedure our natural network will learn the relationship between the
given features.
In this case we have two features.
X and Y.
So this is called supervised learning.
When we have given a data set as far as honest supervised learning is concerned we don't have a data
set at all.
The algorithm itself is going to make the classification or any other problem we dealt.
Any data set.
So as far as supervised learning is concerned there are artificial now and networks these networks are
used for regression and classification.
Then there are convolutional now where all the networks these networks are used for computer vision.
So basically this is the most important.
Now will the network as far as self-driving cars are concerned as far as pedestrian detection is concerned
and so on.
So convolutional now a rail network is one of the main reasons why deep learning is working quite fine.
Then there are a recurrent now rule and that works.
These networks can be used for time series analyzes I'm not sure whether you are familiar with the time
series but basically you can analyze time series with several approaches such as auto correlation functions.
There are lots of lots of models such as outmoded receive models moving ever reach modals and any other
hetero's scholastic models in order to make some predictions on the stock market or only for X..
So we drop off recurrent narrow networks.
We are able to analyze time series we had artificial intelligence.
OK as far as unsupervised learning this concern about some of the machines and outswing corridors and
south organized maps are the most important algorithms these approaches are used for recommendation
systems as well as for feature detection.
So this is one of the most complex problems as far as artificial intelligence is concerned is how to
select the features what are the features.
Features are basically the columns in the data set.
In this case for the X or logical relationship the features are x and y.
But as far as time series are concerned there can be lots of lots of features.
For example the stock price.
Yesterday the stock price two days ago the stock price three days ago.
These are all features.
So somehow we have to sell at the most important and most relevant features in order to make good predictions.
So South organizing maps can detect features and aboard some of the machines and our two encoders can
be used for recommendation systems.
So basically these are the most important approaches in artificial intelligence.
Thanks for watching.